Release v2.20260803.0 (#5887)
omarroth/invidious: CHANGELOG.md

## vX.Y.0 (future)

## v2.20260803.0

### Wrap-up

This release improves the comment experience by showing an explicit message when comments are disabled, fixing HTML rendering and description links, and restoring comments on community posts. Language support expands with the automatic enablement of locales that have reached 20% translation coverage, alongside a fresh batch of translations from Hosted Weblate.

Instance owners can now fine-tune video playback by setting a maximum buffer length for the video.js player. The project continues to harden its contribution standards with a stricter AI policy and removes an external badge that no longer aligns with those values.

Developer tooling sees the removal of a deprecated Crystal compiler flag, the addition of Nix environment files, and CI updates including a pinned Crystal version for linting and a dependency bump for `actions/setup-python`.

### New features & important changes
#### For Users
  - A message is now displayed when comments are turned off on a video (#4051)

>   - New locales that have at least 20% of strings translated are now enabled automatically (#5882)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - New locales that have at least 20% of strings translated are now made available, this includes Belarusian, Galician, Swiss German, Armenian and Latvian (#5882)
```

Reviewer: The markdown of the release has to be updated accordingly

  - Translations were updated from Hosted Weblate (#5474)

#### For instance owners
  - The maximum buffer length for the video.js player can now be set via `config.yml` (#5876)

#### For developers

>   - The AI policy was updated to more clearly ban AI-generated contributions (#5849)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The AI policy was updated to more clearly ban AI-slop contributions (#5849)
```
